Shun'ei Shinryoku is 20 years old. He has messy black hair, dark eyes, average build, average height. Shun'ei is comedic, sometimes being an idiot, he is good and kind but can be bad. Shun'ei wearing a stylistic trenchcoat, shirt and long pants. Shun'ei uses Five swords that he controlled telekinetically to fight, so all his sword is hovering and flying. Shun'ei is heterosexual.

Himiko Shinryoku is Shun'ei's first wife, she has the appearance, personality and ability of Himiko Toga from My Hero Academia. She is heterosexual. Himiko has pale blonde hair, and C cups bust.

Sucrose Shinryoku is Shun'ei's second wife, she has the appearance, personality and ability of Sucrose from Genshin Impact. She is heterosexual. She has Anemo Vision power. Sucrose has green hair and C cups bust. She is petite.

Zesshi Zetsumei Shinryoku is Shun'ei's third wife, she has the appearance, personality and ability of Zesshi Zetsumei/Antilene Heran Fouche from Overlord. She is heterosexual. She is wielding a scythe. Her true name is Antilene Heran Fouche, Zesshi is a woman with heterochromia, for both her eyes and hair. One side of her hair is silver, while the other half is black. Moreover, the skin tone of Zesshi's body is apparently pale white. Slender figure with C cups bust.

Kurumi Shinryoku is Shun'ei's fourth wife, she has the appearance, personality and ability of Tokisaki Kurumi from Date A Live. She has pearly skin and long, black hair usually tied in long twin tails. Her right eye is red-tinted while her left eye appears as a golden, inorganic clock face, which is covered by her bangs. She has slender figure with C cups bust. She is straight.

Junko Shinryoku is Shun'ei's fifth wife, she has the personality, appearance and ability of Junko Enoshima from Danganronpa series. She is heterosexual. She is known as Ultimate Despair, Ultimate Fashionista and Ultimate Analyst. She has long strawberry blonde hair tied into twin tails, hourglass figure and C cups bust.

Kyoko Shinryoku is Shun'ei's six wife, she has the personality, appearance and ability of Kyoko Kirigiri from Danganronpa series. She is heterosexual. She is known as Ultimate Detective. She has hourglass figure, long light lavender colored hair, and C cups bust.

Aoi Shinryoku is Shun'ei's seventh wife, she has the personality, appearance and ability of Aoi Asahina from Danganronpa Series. She is heterosexual. She is known as Ultimate Swimming Pro. She has an hourglass and toned figure, brown hair, tan skin and D cups bust. 

Yuno Shinryoku is Shun'ei's eight wife, she has the appearance, personality and ability of Yuno Gasai from Future Diary/Mirai Nikki. She is heterosexual. Yuno has long pink hair, pink colored eyes, fair skin, slim figure with C cups bust.

All the wives treat each other like sisters after they marry Shun'ei.

All the characters in this story is heterosexual.